# odin-recipes
Woah first big Odin Project Activity 

Start: This is my second time trying this. I know that it's gonna be like this for a loong time. A lot of failures, a lot of difficult times, and a LOT of practice. I just hope that I can continue doing this with the people I love, my friends, so that in the end I can create something that I am genuinely proud of while still making money. I know it sounds like an outlandish and impossible dream, but if I don't believe in it then it's already lost. At least this way, there's a chance. I'm willing to take that chance. 

End: Ok. I'm proud of myself! I made a lot of mistake the first time, like A LOT, but in the end I was able to do it! I don't know if this is actually going to end up being my career (I hope it does), but either way I learned a lot from this. I'm gonna do my best, I know that whether or not I fail, I can do it. Not in the way that I'll never give up, that sentiment is irrational. I can do it in the way that I'll keep on going up to the point that I have no other choice than to give up. And even then, I'll make new choices, give myself new options, so that even if I do forfeit this career, I can still be happy. I had to make a lot of compromises while making this and I learned that's not really a bad thing. In the end, I still achieved my goal and I'm still happy. Things aren't always gonna go my way, but at the very least I want the power to remain happy no matter the outcome. Ofcourse though, it feels a lot better when I get what I want LMAO. I hope this becomes my career, I hope I stay in contact with my friends, and at the very least, I hope that I'll be happy. 